let's put on clothes that you're so
sponged up when you got in back on the
gas okay but just take it nice and easy
the first leg so I was with upon't yes
please yeah all right through the cones
they take your vendor cones oh yeah okay
up around here okay so as you go man
this corner what we're doing we're
looking up ahead okay now back on the
gas attack for me
I said we've done right here so through
the cones we're doing them right up that
yellow line so as you go round okay and
as you come and in a bit more that might
get look we're breaking down for me okay
no gas just let the car go okay now a
little tiny bit of gas pushing your van
food right through these two they've got
that white nine this white nine I said
big turn around to that white line right
now as we're going down here one is to
break along this white line okay so get
the car turned turn it all the way back
for me I won't go too fast this time
just get used to the power I'll just
build it up a little bit as you're going
down here don't know bit more even
we need to do is start thinking about
breaking by the time you get to this car
all right so that's good just keep those
speaker in a little bit of gas just a
little bit guys pushing you around that
corner
and that big cart that white line again
get your tires on that white line
now start breaking them on that by
finding people off break snare turn it
all the way back now you only got one
there pool nice all right
yeah you don't have to go through those
little ones higher I'll go back on the
guest for me
a set of brakes let me guess
tying up that yellow okay good keep it
going
they're breaking they don't go through
the cones break
hey come back here push the fan
very straight line break in
and back here I stopped getting their
speed on a bit more now
breaking off breaks such as they go
through I stop picking up the guests
again a little bit
a straight line down here return just
behind these crowns I'm breaking it down
there I said get your turn in looking up
ahead now back on that game
off the brakes there because you can't
up here what's gonna act the cars for
the showdown anyway so you don't want to
press too much down on that brakes I
probably go snail
line again getting you turn it on that
yellow line nice tight turn you'll be a
gas off catch them if they're breaking
off great got this I think they'll go
for the big R okay learn that corner
leave a break-in here on this straight
line okay so I said final blast and here
not too much gas than a minute Mushnik
van and I start picking it up again
nice to manage me which is their push it
through now back on the gas okay just a
little bit and we're going to go
straight the way off this time mate okay
so once we get past this one we've got
our sorry then for the bumpy bits
gentlemen
right and on the nice and wide Wendy's
going through these tip and look left
turns and weave in between these suits
which is in between those two and then
turn right
and then we confirm those three
thank God